README.md, before:

# Create TODO App with ReactJs and Typescript Exercise

This exercise is based on the FreeCodeCamp's tutorial [How to Code Your React App with TypeScript](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-code-your-react-app-with-typescript/) - YouTube video: [React & TypeScript - Course for Beginners](https://youtu.be/FJDVKeh7RJI).

## Setup the Project

### Install ReactJs and Typescript by Vite

```bash
npm create vite@latest
# ✔ Project name: … exc-ts-react-todo-app
# ✔ Select a framework: › React
# ✔ Select a variant: › TypeScript
cd exc-ts-react-todo-app/
npm install
```

- Create start command in [`package.json`](package.json) file as follows:

    ```json
    "scripts": {
        "start": "vite --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000",
    }
    ```

- Clean the `src/` and `public/` directories and start working on the project.

### Install Tailwind CSS

```bash
npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
npx tailwindcss init -p
```

### Setup the Git Repository and Push to GitHub

```bash
git config --global init.defaultBranch master
git init
git add -A
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M master
git remote add origin git@github.com:metalevel-tech/exc-ts-react-todo-app.git
git push -u origin master
```

Commit message:

Implementation of the Base functionality Add, Edit, Delete and Done tasks. Save the task list in the localStorage.

README.md, after:

# Create TODO App with ReactJs and Typescript Exercise

This exercise is based on the FreeCodeCamp's tutorial [How to Code Your React App with TypeScript](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-code-your-react-app-with-typescript/) - YouTube video: [React & TypeScript - Course for Beginners](https://youtu.be/FJDVKeh7RJI). At all this is my first touch with Typescript.

## References

- TypeScript: [Everyday Types](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html) | [Basic Types (deprecated version)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html)

## Setup the Project

<details>

### Install ReactJs and Typescript by Vite

```bash
npm create vite@latest
# ✔ Project name: … exc-ts-react-todo-app
# ✔ Select a framework: › React
# ✔ Select a variant: › TypeScript
cd exc-ts-react-todo-app/
npm install
```

- Create start command in [`package.json`](package.json) file as follows:

  ```json
  "scripts": {
      "start": "vite --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000",
  }
  ```

- Clean the `src/` and `public/` directories and start working on the project.

### Install helpers: TailwindCSS and so on

```bash
npm i --save-dev tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
npx tailwindcss init -p
```

```bash
npm i @tailwindcss/forms @tailwindcss/typography @tailwindcss/aspect-ratio
npm i @headlessui/react
npm i react-icons
npm i @heroicons/react
```

**References:**

- <https://tailwindui.com/>
- <https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/>
- <https://headlessui.com/>
- <https://heroicons.com/>

### Setup the Git Repository and Push to GitHub

```bash
git config --global init.defaultBranch master
git init
git add -A
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M master
git remote add origin git@github.com:metalevel-tech/exc-ts-react-todo-app.git
git push -u origin master
```

</details>
